=== 10 Speed Coffee Sawtelle ===
Address: 1947 Sawtelle Blvd Ste B, Los Angeles, CA, 90025
Rating: 4.2 (135 reviews)
Phone: 
Website: http://10speedcoffee.com
Hours: Mon-Sun 6:00 AM - 6:00 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers delivery, Offers take-out, Wheelchair accessible, No steps or stairs, Accepts credit cards, Moderate noise, Street parking, Validated parking, Free Wi-Fi, Dogs allowed, Outdoor seating, Offers catering, Good for working, Drive-thru, Heated outdoor seating, Covered outdoor seating

Review 1: Perfect spot for working on your laptop, in fact the place feels like it welcomes it. Baristas are friendly. It's dog friendly. Light nice background music. Clean bathroom. Clean tables. Fast internet (that you don't have to reconnect to every time) Plenty of outlets I love their matcha latte with honey :)
Review 2: Coffee and staff are awesome!! Place is clean and the vibe is Charging for maple syrup and honey is so cheap and petty, it's enough reason to stop into any of the 6 million coffee shops on the way here.
Review 3: I would give this Cafe a 5/5 but I am a bit bothered that store is closing and chairs get sorted on top of desks by 5:15pm even though the store shows that it closed by 6pm By 5:45 you are actively kicked out and walking out the door. Staying until 6 does not feel like it's even possible.... It would be nice to announce closing out 5:50, and everyone out the door by 5:59...not 5:45 which feel unwelcoming, rushed and stressful
Review 4: Usually very crowded and hard to study unless you come early or are lucky. For the amount you get in a drink and the quality/taste, don't think it's worth the price. There are better places for good quality coffee.
Review 5: I like this spot for working and come here often but there's this white guy staff - when you don't respond to his flirty vibe he would ignore you with microaggression, just gives off weird and bad vibes, would appreciate equal politeness to everyone. The place also starts to stack up the chairs around 5:30 without announcements like passive-aggressively asking people to leave even though it closes at 6. Other baristas are more friendly, and there's a cute dog Polaroid wall.
Review 6: This is easily my favorite local cafe. Dog friendly, the baristas are great, the coffee is the best in the area and there is ample seating (although it does get pretty packed with people studying/working). The tables are shared and everyone actually seems to understand this concept as no one is man spreading their belongings. The hot chagaccino (half sweet/powder) is the best. My favorite place to come early in the mornings (they open at 6am everyday) to sit/read with the pup! Plus clean tables/bathrooms!
Review 7: I was in need of a coffee with a place to get some work done. Plenty of shared seating. Even thought most people were working. It was a little loud. I was there early morning around 8:30. My latte and breakfast sandwich were good. Grateful there was a vegan option. But for a regular latte with almond milk and breakfast sandwich $22 :/ pricey for the portion size when I should've gone to a regular breakfast spot for that amount. Overall it was good but I would only get the coffee next time.
Review 8: I came here after taking a look at other coffee shop options in the area....seemed like a good choice. The place was clean and nicely laid out and all the seats were taken inside on a Sunday morning so I sat outside to just relax and enjoy. Employees were nice and I appreciated that....but in my opinion the drip coffee I bought wasn't that great....I guess I was expecting more of a medium roast but it felt like it was a bit too bold and just wasn't to my liking....I know for everyone it is a personal preference so for some it they may like it this way.
Review 9: The service was wonderful, but when I'm just getting a cup of coffee, that is about as important to me as the font on the menu. The ambiance was forgettably fine. The coffee was good, but a large cost me $7. For reference sake, I'm against $35-$40 cheeseburgers on principle, but the ones I've had justified the price. I have zero issue with paying $20 for a sandwich, $30 if it's a Matu cheesesteak. There may very well be a cup of coffee out there that I'd gladly fork over $7 for, but it sure wasn't this one. However, since it was painfully obvious this place caters to the Erewhon crowd, I doubt I'll be missed.
Review 10: The Baseline: For a coffee shop the baseline involves the quality of the roast, the taste of the coffee, and the preparation of specialty drinks/food items. Food: The coffee was a good flat white. Go to was good. Service: The staff were quick and helpful. Ambiance: Good energy in the cafe today. Decent crowd for late afternoon, late summer coffee.
Review 11: The Baseline: For a coffee shop the baseline involves the quality of the roast, the taste of the coffee, and the preparation of specialty drinks/food items. Food: The coffee here has a great taste and the beans were well roasted. The latte I had was delicious with a well prepared froth. There are lots of choices for milk alternatives and there are more choices on the menu I intend to try in the future. Service: The staff was friendly and efficient in preparing my order. My barista took extra care to be decorative with my latte and I appreciated the time on the design. Ambiance: This place has a fun decor using ten speed bikes. It was busy when I came with no available seating as everyone was working on their laptops. It has a good energy.
