=== Board House Coffee ===
Address: 11901 Santa Monica Blvd Ste 112, Los Angeles, CA, 90025
Rating: 4 (325 reviews)
Phone: (424) 256-2915
Website: https://boardhousecoffee.com
Hours: Mon-Sat 6:30 AM - 5:00 PM; Sun 6:30 AM - 3:30 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers delivery, Offers take-out, Takes reservations, Vegan options, Wheelchair accessible, Accessible parking near entrance, ADA-compliant main entrance, No steps or stairs, ADA-compliant restroom, QR code menus available, Closed captioning on TVs, ASL proficient, Braille menus available, Tipping optional, Accepts Android Pay, Accepts Apple Pay, Accepts cash, Accepts credit cards, Accepts cryptocurrency, Outdoor seating, Trendy, Casual, Moderate noise, Offers catering, Good for groups, Good for kids, Good for Breakfast, Lunch, Good for working, Garage parking, Street parking, Private lot parking, Free Wi-Fi, Happy hour specials, Dogs allowed, TV, Asian-owned, Offers military discount, Covered outdoor seating, Gender-neutral restrooms, Open to All, Waiter service, Alcohol, Drive-thru, Heated outdoor seating, Private dining, Bike parking, Bring your own container allowed, Compostable containers available, Plastic-free packaging

Review 1: Board House Coffee might've suffered a little from me coming off a streak of really stellar coffee spots recently, but I still thought it was a solid choice overall. We tried the sesame latte and the banana cream top latte. Both were good, and the cream top was really nice, but I just wish the sesame and banana flavors came through a bit stronger. The drinks tasted a little milkier than I was expecting. Good flavor, just wish there was more of it.
Review 2: I love this space, great for quick bagels and smoothies. Fast service, good food, no frills.
Review 3: Board House Coffee is a humble, cozy yet warm coffee shop run by a nice group of folks. The times I've been here, the place has been busy constantly making coffee or making breakfast items on their small but productive mini grill. There's 8 tables along with some counter top seating where people can work - they even have a printer you can use (like a Kinkos). Coffee taste good and priced fine. Looks like they may use verve coffee. Breakfast sandwich will hit the spot as well. Decent amount of plaza parking
Review 4: When a place has regular coffee that's this good, you can usually count on everything else being good. I like this place, great smoothie options, other breakfast/lunch items. Nice unassuming friendly service. Reminds of how places were in the 90s.
Review 5: Tako is the best!!!! Great service good coffee nice friendly plus she is great person!
Review 6: WHEN: Sat @11:30am PARKING: Since it's in an outdoor retail center, they have a shared lot with free parking, but I would imagine it being limited. SEATINGS: + About 5 tables that seat 2 outside along the sidewalk/walkway. + 1 Counter facing out against the window that seats 2-3 + 5 Tables indoors that seat 1-2 + 1 Large tables that seats up to 6 + 1 cozy chair in the corner with a tiny coffee table for 1 I see outlets along the wall and under the counter seating sounder top. Such a great place to work, and they don't play their lovely music selection too loud. Also there are single panel blinds along all the windows for us to adjust if it gets too sunny...so thoughtful! Very chill vibe, mom n pops kind of feel. Nothing fancy, but you know what, it provides everything we need. They serve all coffee beverages, smoothies, tea, snacks, pastries, and breakfast and full lunch meals! Oh, and they even have a printer here if you need something printed! Don't feel like interacting with a human being, they have a digital pad you can input your order and pay! Here's what I got: COFFEE - $3.50 Reasonably priced coffee! For just $0.85 more you can upgrade to a large (I wish this was listed directly beneath the coffee listed on the menu). But I can always get a refill for only $1.75. Apologies but I'm not a coffee connoisseur so I can't tell you if it's good or not. I just need the caffeine and my admission to stay and work. WiFi - I respect there being Wi-Fi available only for paying customers. As in, the Wi-Fi password is on the bottom of your receipt. I found mind in the link of my email receipt! Not hard to find! The staff seem quite friendly and very hardworking. You can smell and see all the goods they are cooking up behind the counter. I can totally see myself coming back to to get some work done with the option of food when I get hungry! THIS SPOT PROVIDES!!!
Review 7: I stopped by here one morning when my mom was in town and I got a smoothie, which was very fresh and well priced, and my mom got a latte and a croissant. The croissant however, was absolutely extremely stale and made me question if I was safe having eaten it. The seating for this shop is pretty limited. The shop was always relatively busy, so most of the tables were in use during the time I was here. It looks like it's also a spot where people come to work (I believe there was a printer here, which could really come in handy!). I'd maybe pass on food if I came here again because of the croissant experience, but everything else was fine and this seems to be a solid local coffee spot.
Review 8: I got a S'mores Latte which was delicious! It even had little marshmallows and marshmallow swirls toppings. I liked the vibe of the cafe with the front of a Volkswagen microbus attached to the wall. The almond croissant sadly was dry af. And no almond paste inside.
Review 9: I found this place via Instagram -- a coffee account I enjoy posted about it with a rave review and wanted to try it! It's a small spot with charm, indoor seating, and some seats outside. The menu is extensive -- lots to choose from! I ordered an eggnog latte, which had a great balance of coffee and eggnog; and a delicious bagel with lox. Everything was wonderful and very delicious! Service was quick and I was able to get a table inside the cafe to enjoy everything. I'd come back again!
Review 10: Loved the ambiance of the place! The lox bagel was delicious but was a bit expensive for the amount of salmon on the bagel, wish there was more.
