=== Bonsai Coffee Bar ===
Address: 11573 Santa Monica Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, 90025
Rating: 4.3 (488 reviews)
Phone: (424) 209-8395
Website: http://www.bonsaicoffeebar.com
Hours: Mon-Sun 7:00 AM - 8:00 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers delivery, Offers take-out, Takes reservations, Wheelchair accessible, Accessible parking near entrance, ADA-compliant main entrance, No steps or stairs, ADA-compliant restroom, QR code menus available, Closed captioning on TVs, Tipping optional, Tipping optional for large parties, Accepts Apple Pay, Accepts credit cards, Loud, Offers catering, Good for groups, Good for working, Garage parking, Street parking, Private lot parking, Waiter service, Free Wi-Fi, Full bar, Asian-owned, Women-owned, Outdoor seating, Dogs allowed, Heated outdoor seating, Covered outdoor seating, Bring your own container allowed

Review 1: The matcha tasted pretty good. The issue was not the drinks but the ambience and service. The staff is so rude and unwelcoming. This place is used as a study area and staff when asked a question for WiFi, for drinks, for a receipt, freaking anything would give a blank stare and or would give two word answers or would ignore you by being "busy". One thing is being tired from being busy, but another is not wanting to do your job and being rude. There are other places with good matcha where one can study and this place just gives you anxiety. I would rather order to go or got to another spot. Helpful
Review 2: Busy. Great vibe. Easy parking in the back. Matcha was amazing. Very packed with people studying this was a great lab for iced drinks. Cream Top Matcha Latte Tiramisu Latte Helpful
Review 3: Bonsai Coffee was the pick for an afternoon pick me up after a big lunch. When it came to parking, there was a parking structure in the back of the building. However, it's a shared complex with other business and has specific labels for the store. I went at around 3 pm on a Saturday and had a hard time grabbing a spot. However, just as I was pulling out from the structure, there was a spot that freed up. When it came to the interior, I liked the Japandi aesthetic that they were going for. It was definitely very busy at the time with lots of people sitting around and studying/working. When browsing the menu, I was curious about the Okinawa latte. I also grabbed an ube cornflake brownie from the front. The latte took a few minutes to be ready, so I appreciate the quickness of the service. However, both of the items were underwhelming. The latte was didn't taste good and I ended up not finishing it. The ube cornflake brownie was very sweet. The ube part left a better impression since it wasn't too sweet. I'll only return to try their matcha, which seems to be the more popular item on the menu. American Express is accepted here. Helpful
Review 4: Really cute bonsai themed cafe with plenty of seating. We arrived after lunch and all seats were filled with steady stream of incoming customers. My husband and I both got the matcha x matcha which is a matcha latte with salted matcha cream top. This was so good!! The matcha itself is very umami and grassy. The cream top was perfectly salted and complemented the matcha so well. If you are a matcha enthusiast come see for yourself! Parking can be a bit challenging. We parked in the garage around the back which had some limited spaces. MATCHA x MATCHA Helpful
Review 5: Tried this UCLA student hotspot while mid bike ride for the West LA cicLAvia event. It's a cute spot with a decent amount of seating for you to post up with your laptop or meet with friends. Met a few people outside the shop who raved about Bonsai and said they're regulars as it's just that good. Our experience was short and sweet in that we popped in, ordered an iced matcha latte, and enjoyed it on the go. It was good! As someone who is pretty selective with matcha, Bonsai delivers. Pricing was pretty standard and comparable to boutique matcha's these days. I'd love to go back and spend some time there as the atmosphere was lively and vibrant. Helpful
Review 6: We were in the area so came by to grab some breakfast. Matcha cream top - honestly I don't get the hype. Maybe this is the best in the area, but I've definitely had better. Vietnamese iced coffee - not a fan of the roast. Spam musubi with egg and avocado - this was okay. Tasted exactly like how you'd expect it. I was expecting the spam to be a bit more caramelized but nope. Food and drinks took a while to be ready but there's plenty of seating around while you wait. I can see why this place is popular, especially for students looking for a chill cafe to hang out. That said, it doesn't hit the spot for me. Helpful
Review 7: The food options here are very appealing and I went with a blueberry croissant which I felt was unique. They bake it in house and I enjoyed that the croissant was soft & had a subtle taste of blueberry. I opted for the hojicha latte which had strong notes of tea, perfect to keep me awake while I work. The aesthetic inside is beautiful and there were cute plants sprinkled throughout. This place is so popular and packed. The time limit is 90 min for wifi, which is quite an indicator of how busy it is. It can be difficult to find a charger outlet when it's busy though so bring your laptop charged when you get here. There is parking downstairs in the lot but only in spots that are designated for Bonsai which is sprinkled throughout the structure. I ended up parking on the street farther away after not finding anything in the lot. Blueberry croissant Hojicha Latte Helpful
Review 8: I was in the area and needed a place to study so I decided to try this cafe out. It was located at a corner under an apartment complex with a parking lot structure behind. There's quite a few parking spots reserved for bonsai, which I really appreciated. Upon entering, there was also a decent amount of tables and chairs, but not an equal amount of outlets. After ordering, the server usually provides a code for you to enter in order to access their WiFi. You need to receive a new code every 2 hours before being booted off. Since I came on a Friday evening, my drink took around 10 minutes to make. I got the double matcha (my usual go to at most matcha places) & it didn't disappoint at all. It was the perfect amount of sweetness, creaminess, & richness. I was in awe by how perfectly crafted it was. Later on I got hungry so I ordered two spam musubi. It was nothing special but it hit the spot. Overall, I would come back again if I was ever in the area. It's not in my top 5 favorite matcha cafes in LA. In fact, I've been telling my friends about my new found love for bonsai! MATCHA x MATCHA Helpful
Review 9: I tried out this cute café in Sawtelle with my roommate while studying for midterms, and overall, I thought it was pretty good. The interior and decor are super cute, and there are plenty of seats available. However, it does get pretty busy, so spots fill up quickly. The noise level is generally manageable since most people are working, but it can occasionally get crowded and loud. I usually wear noise-canceling AirPods, so it didn't bother me much. The baristas are also really sweet and kind whenever I interact with them. I ordered the matcha latte, and I'd say it was pretty good. Definitely not the best I've had, but also far from the worst, and probably one of the better ones in the area that I've tried. The price was pretty average for L.A. and the cup size was decent enough to last me through about five hours of studying there. The only downside is that the free Wi-Fi only lasts for two hours. After that, I had to switch to my phone hotspot, so I'd recommend bringing a power bank if you plan on staying for a while. When logging into the Wi-Fi, it asks for a phone number, so I'm not sure if it tracks access by device IP or phone number. Also for my people taking the bus back to UCLA, note that there is no visible bus sign due to construction in the area. It's really confusing at first and you will get scared, but my tip is to wait with a small group of people around where the sign should be and usually the bus will stop (sometimes it doesn't though unfortunately). Overall, this is a really cute and nice café for getting work done or doing some studying as long as you don't mind the time-limited wifi. Matcha Latte Helpful
Review 10: Matcha the way it should be. Earthy and robust. I always have mine with just water so you can taste the earthiness even more. They prepare it well. Not overly sweetened either. Service was prompt. We went during a holiday Monday and the place was packed. Vanilla Matcha Latte with water, no milk! Helpful
