=== Dialog Cafe ===
Address: 1835 S Sepulveda Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, 90025
Rating: 4.4 (47 reviews)
Phone: (424) 465-9010
Website: https://dialogcafe.la/dialogcafessepulveda
Hours: Mon-Fri 7:00 AM - 8:00 PM; Sat-Sun 7:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers delivery, Offers take-out, Wheelchair accessible, Accessible parking near entrance, ADA-compliant main entrance, No steps or stairs, ADA-compliant restroom, QR code menus available, Tipping optional, Tipping optional for large parties, Accepts Android Pay, Accepts Apple Pay, Accepts cash, Accepts credit cards, Offers catering, Valet parking, Garage parking, Street parking, Free Wi-Fi, Dogs allowed, TV, Heated outdoor seating, Open to All, Outdoor seating, Waiter service, Happy hour specials, Drive-thru, Covered outdoor seating

Review 1: Having been to the West Hollywood Dialog which was constantly busy, it's an excitement knowing they now opened in Sawtelle with way more cozy space, occupying a spot in Equinox sports center. Once ordered, you're allowed to sit at the Equinox lounge and they'd bring your order to your table. The menu offered probably not as plentiful as the one in WeHo, but rich enough selections to pick from including many fun smoothies! We went for their Breakfast Burrito with avocado add-ons and loved how perfectly the eggs were cooked and well-complemented by the melted cheese. Instead of regular hash-brown, they used more rosti-alike one which gave extra twist of crispy texture within the burrito. The sausages were my fave being flavorful and served in big satisfying chunks! If you're into pastries like me, definitely no skip on their Pain Suisse. Like seriously just looking at the pic almost made me drooled again, perfect lamination with delightful buttery pastry and rich stuffing. Would certainly order it again and again!
Review 2: Stopped by because of a pop up so it was a first time experience. This location is located behind the front desk inside the equinox gym. I ordered the strawberry matcha with a strawberry cream top and it was delicious and creamy. The staff who took my order and made my drink was super helpful and friendly. This cafe has a lot of seating so perfect to enjoy a snack after your workout. I'm unsure if you need a gym membership to access, but since I was attending a pop up, all they had to do was scan my ID. You have to pay for parking if you use the garage, but the front desk validates parking
Review 3: dialog cafe was pretty interesting since it's inside what used to be an equinox, and they ask for your id when you walk in so just be ready for that. i parked on the street and it was fine. the space is super open and spacious, definitely somewhere i'd come back to study, but the music is a little loud. still workable though. the breakfast burrito was actually sooo good. probably the best one i've had in la that's actually worth the price (around $13). the hashbrowns were crispy, the egg was fluffy, and everything just came together really well. my friend got the eric bagel and that was good too. the everything bagel was toasted perfectly and the tomato complimented the cream cheese really nicely. overall, good vibes and i'd definitely come back.
Review 4: Located inside the Equinox this delicious cafe is everything. Their drinks are one of a kind and taste amazing. They use high quality ingredients in all of their drinks and food. I have tried their food many times and loved it. Customer service is friendly and the ambiance here is chill. Lots of cozy areas to sit and enjoy your coffee or meal. Love Dialog Cafe. We got these delicious drink that is a limited time collaboration with Make up by Mario that comes with a blush stick attacked to the cup and a tote bag. How cool is this ... love it Their original location in West Hollywood is also a must visit.
Review 5: The debloat smoothie is so yummy and actually helped so much! Definitely a must if you need a trip to the bathroom! Also this is such a nice study spot but the WiFi is just really slow so I had to use hotspot!
Review 6: Seriously do not understand the hype of this place. They are famous for their brisket breakfast burrito and when I tell you it is one of the most bland burritos i've ever had in los angeles. The burrito was all mushy from sitting in the container for just couple minutes. Tots were mush, no texture and I'm pretty sure this place doesn't season their egg. Much better options for breakfast in LA with much nicer workers. Smoothie was also mid at best. Take your money elsewhere
Review 7: I visited this location to try the collab they had with makeup by Mario. The location is inside the equinox gym and it's spacious. The service was great no complaints there and the food was good.
Review 8: Create an easy spot to grab a quick bite or work from the equinox lounge. The breakfast burritos are to die for and they even have a gluten-free option for those who need it.
Review 9: I've been meaning to try Dialog at the original WeHo location, but would never find myself in that area. So I was so glad to see that there is now one on Sawtelle at the Equinox! I ordered lunch via UberEats for my colleagues and I - things were pretty standard. I got the chicken caesar wrap with extra chicken and avocado... And I just felt like the flavor was missing. I had to add some Crystal's (hot sauce) to enhance it. I will say is that the extra chicken was definitely needed bc I only ended up eating half and ate the other half for dinner lol. I also ordered the cinnamon matcha latte with almond milk and it was pretty mild in flavor - not earth, bitter, or nutty... It was OK. I didn't hate it. I think I just need to go to the OG location and sit down to get the full experience.
Review 10: Best breakfast burrito in LA hands down! Order the brisket breakfast burrito and dine in! Excellent service! Great environment and coffee!
