=== Motoring Coffee ===
Address: 11728 W Olympic Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, 90064
Rating: 3.7 (219 reviews)
Phone: 
Website: https://www.motoring.coffee
Hours: Mon-Sun 7:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Accessible parking near entrance, ADA-compliant main entrance, No steps or stairs, Tipping optional, Tipping optional for large parties, Moderate noise, Good for working, Street parking, Private lot parking, Validated parking, Free Wi-Fi, Dogs allowed

Review 1: AMBIANCE as you may expect from the name, motoring coffee is a cafe with an automobile theme. since it's housed in the west LA motoring club's warehouse, you can enjoy ample natural light and catch glimpses of the cars on display in the adjacent membership-only lounge. i visited before 10 am on a saturday, so the space was relaxed and not too loud. COFFEE there is no extra charge for milk alternatives, so i ordered a latte with oat milk ($5.75)! the taste was solid and leaned a bit acidic. service was quick. WIFI it seems that wifi can be unlocked with a password but i wasn't able connect to it perhaps because the password on the sign is outdated. RESTROOM there is only one unisex restroom available, but it is quite spacious.
Review 2: I wasn't sure I fully understood Motoring when I stepped inside. It is what it professes to be; a motoring club, for the most part, with more than a few impressive cars to ogle while you drink your coffee. I know next to nothing about cars, but I do know that anyone with technical, mechanical competency is bound to know how to dial in a good espresso. And so it was! Their cappuccino was great. I debated getting something more substantial but I like to try a place's basics before I jump right into the much-coveted mocha, or what have you. It's an interesting place with a nice group of baristas up front - the pit crew? - and I'm genuinely curious to try them again. I just need to bring a friend who's into cars.
Review 3: Café with one of the best ambiances, but the drink and food item I had was just okay. I visited this coffee shop on an early Tuesday morning before work and my experience here was good. For drinks, I got their specialty drink "Traction Control" Iced which is essentially a blueberry matcha drink. It was okay, but I've had better matcha blueberry drinks. I also wasn't the biggest fan of the flavor and the grainy bits. For food I got their ham and cheese croissant and it was good, but not worth the $7.50 paid for it. It is quite big though. They warm it up upon request and it was nicely flaky. I also appreciated how the barista gave me a thorough rundown of the coffee shop's specialties. The best part of this spot is the ambiance. The interior is big and full of different vehicles. It was like a motor vehicle museum. There are also lots of table and chairs scattered around and even some comfy seating areas. There's also Wi-Fi, but I didn't see any outlets. This is a great place to relax, socialize, and get some work done. I also like how there's a free photo print machine. Super cute! Overall, a generally good experience here. I would come back for the ambiance alone, but would order different things.
Review 4: Got a Rosella tea and vanilla oat latte as well as two butter croissants. The rosella tea was nice and not too sweet but the despite the milk, I could still taste some burnt beans. The best part was the butter croissants. The atmosphere is really cool, lots of space to sit but it was a little bit warm inside for me.
Review 5: I honestly don't know why people are harsh on this place due to most of it being "members only"... that's the point of the business model! They still have rotating cool cars in the lobby you can enjoy. I feel like you come to this spot to have a cup of coffee and quiet time. I do give it four stars for now because I do feel like the coffee is overpriced (but I feel that way about most all coffee stops) and because I've only had the chai and can attest to its delicious nature. I can't speak on the other drinks nor food.
Review 6: Such a cute spot!!! The coffee is good (although no drip coffee in the late afternoons), and the seating is aesthetic and spread out, great for getting work done. AC is
Review 7: Excellent coffee and this unique museum/automobile heaven is spectacular! I love cars. This is part of a local automobile club and they have sectioned off about a third of the facility as a public coffee shop with static displays of unique, classic automobiles and motorcycles The lattes, cappuccinos, Matcha's are reasonably priced and taste great. It's the corner of Olympic and Stoner south side of the street perhaps six parking spaces in front but you can also drive around and find some parking on the street.
Review 8: I love the vibes and art at motoring coffee. It has such a cool, welcoming atmosphere that makes you want to stay awhile. The design and artwork give the café a lot of personality, and it feels both creative and relaxing at the same time. I always order the matcha tonic, and it's consistently fabulous: super refreshing, perfectly balanced, and unlike anything I've had elsewhere. Definitely one of my favorite spots to hang out, grab a drink, and enjoy the ambiance.
Review 9: Looking for cool coffee shops and we came across this one here. We got here at 7:48am so glad this opens up early. We were excited to look around and enjoy our drinks (group of 8) but we didn't. looks like members ONLY, FOR ADMISSIONS TO SEE THE REST OF THE CARS. We ordered Hot Chocolate, Vanilla latte, and my favorite 'Traction Control ' Blueberry Matcha with oat milk topped with graham crackers dust (delicious). Pastries we ordered the lemon muffins, cinnamon roll and a butter croissant. The staff was nice and was who recommended my matcha drink.
Review 10: You know it really says something when a Teriyaki vendor for an event can't sell because the clientele at this cafe are the types not to eat rice.. I'm not a car person so I can't comment too much on that but I visited because there was an event and for an event space it's pretty neat. Lots of vintage vehicles and memorabilia for photo ops in the main area and they have their own merch and members' club as well. There's a driving simulator, lots of spaces for vendors to post up and sell their wares, a garage with lots of fancy cars in the back, a cozy lounge area with empanadas and alcohol being sold, and of course you can get coffee here too. Since there was a line due to the event, it almost went out the door and took awhile to get our drinks despite the multiple baristas working. Probably just fine on a normal day though. Parking was limited but we managed to score street parking. I got a London Fog Latte and it was super bland and watered down despite making no adjustments to it. So I guess you yourself have to add sugar and syrup. I'd had better at Starbucks and even Gong Cha for god sake's so as an actual coffee place it's pretty mid. Cool cars and display though!
