=== Noun ===
Address: 4065 Glencoe Ave Ste 100, Marina del Rey, CA, 90292
Rating: 3.6 (67 reviews)
Phone: (323) 677-9632
Website: https://noun.coffee
Hours: Mon-Thu 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM; Fri-Sat 8:00 AM - 9:00 PM; Sun 8:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers delivery, Offers take-out, Walk-ins welcome, Wheelchair accessible, Accessible parking near entrance, ADA-compliant main entrance, No steps or stairs, ADA-compliant restroom, QR code menus available, Closed captioning on TVs, Braille menus available, Tipping optional, Tipping optional for large parties, Accepts Android Pay, Accepts Apple Pay, Accepts credit cards, Accepts cryptocurrency, Accepts cash, Outdoor seating, Offers catering, Garage parking, Street parking, Free Wi-Fi, Happy hour specials, Beer & wine only, Dogs allowed, Latinx-owned, Women-owned, Covered outdoor seating, Gender-neutral restrooms, Open to All, Smoking allowed, Drive-thru, TV, Heated outdoor seating, Bike parking, Compostable containers available

Review 1: 5/6/2026 4 1/2 Stars First time here and came here to try their coffee and matcha. They are also a bar and sell wine, beer and sake, as well some food items. SHORT STACK Mix well! Creamy coffee drink of Americano, smoky flavor, lovely salted creamy top. It's basically a cream top coffee. Loved the cream. Very well done. Everything mixed together tasted like coffee ice cream. TROPICOQUETA Guava-forward matcha drink. A little bit of fizz. There was an extra mineral taste. Could be from the carbonated water. Matcha was okay. But it didn't shine. It tasted muddled. It wasn't good. I always want to try mango mixed matchas, but this one was a letdown. CUSTOMER SERVICE Friendly service. Greeted as I first walked in and the barista even offered to answer any questions in regards to their menu. She was very easy-going and was not rushing me to order, which was nice. INDOOR + OUTDOOR SEATS Indoor sofas, tables, seats and bar seats. Outdoor tables and seats available. Very relaxed vibe overall. Most of the seats and tables were occupied and most people were there working on their laptops. PARKING There is a parking garage right next to Noun, but it is not free parking. I did not park there. Carpooled so I did not have to find parking, but the parking garage is an option if you're having your drinks to go. But probably best to find street parking.
Review 2: Coffee: - Cortado: decent Seating/ambiance: - Parking: easy to find street parking - Decent amount of seating - Wifi zippy - Only 1 outlet
Review 3: I stopped by again after few months and seems like the coffee has changed for the better. Although I don't think they use a manual espresso machine, the coffee was pretty decent. I think it's comparable if not better than Wondering Bear. Customer service was amazing. Dez helped me with the drink was was very kind. I saw a lot of people working and chatting. Wouldn't be a bad place to meet up with a friend
Review 4: Hey Hanna, thank you for sharing your experience. We’re glad our team was able to address it in the moment and appreciate you acknowledging that. Your feedback on the drink is noted as we continue to evaluate consistency and execution.
Review 5: Sad to say, but coffee was a huge let down. Tasted like slightly heated, not even lukewarm milk. $8 for a latte. But they did refund us, which we appreciate
Review 6: Noun is a good little coffee shop near me. I always get the Matcha Heaven, it's very rich and intense but it really hits the spot when I need a hit of caffeine in the morning. Honestly, just for this drink it's a perfect place. The food and pastries here are just alright, and overpriced imo. I got the fruit yogurt granola thing and it was solid but a little plain and for $15 it was a total ripoff, but I was feeling hungry so what the heck. Glad we have this, just wish the prices were a little more reasonable.
Review 7: Loved the energy and aesthetic of this place! The girl at the register who also made our drinks was awesome. Super friendly and kind. She recommended the cookie and might I say it's one of the best I've had. So delicious and soft and flavorful! The drinks were great too. Not the best of the best but pretty good overall.
Review 8: Discovered this spot a on TikTok and went later that day. Great vibes. Went with the "short stack" drink, so so good. The sea salt is an amazing touch. I also got the chocolate cookie with cardamom, which I never heard of before. It was... Different. Not the biggest fan, but the cookie was still tasty and the big chocolate piece on it helped. Absolutely delicious if you're into cardamom. Loads of indoor and outdoor seating. This is a nice spot. A few blocks from the Costco, which had I known that yesterday I'd have come while waiting for my prescription Free WiFi
Review 9: Menu 04/2026 Really nice atmosphere with friendly employees. There's wifi and space to work. But I only ordered one thing the pressed sando, and I didn't like it :/
Review 10: Came here on a rainy Saturday afternoon with a friend. Street parking was easy to find. Plenty of seating inside and outside. Perfect for working or catching up with a friend They sell lots of goodies, beans, matcha kits, Palestinian olive oil, etc Noun Coffee on a rainy day feels like a warm hug. I really Loved the Honeyama matcha latte. It has a nice matcha cream top and the flavor was strong but not too sweet My friend got their latte hot, which was rich warm felt like a hug, it was so good. The avocado toast on sourdough was delicious. The big windows soft comfy couches and beautiful natural light made it the perfect place to spend a rainy day afternoon. I will definitely be back !
Review 11: The fact that this place doesn't a higher star rating is diabolical! I finally made it down here from DTLA. I came from the Tik Tok viral Fridge Cigarette video & I had to make my way, being that I'm a Diet Coke Girly to the death of meeeeee. So. I got my fridge cigarette $8. I paid additional $2+ for the soft top add on which I HIGHLY RECOMMEND doing. Then I look to my right, & they have DIET COKE MERCH!? Helloooo!!? Ok so boom, now I got me a Diet Coke lighter & next I'm coming back for the Fridge Cig hat & spend some more time looking around. Parking was ehh, there's a parking structure but no spaces available it's limited. Otherwise good luck with street parking or loading zone which is why I couldn't stay long. Beautiful inside decorum, everything was modern aesthetic, really chill vibes to get some work done, catch up with friends, or stay awhile after dark & have some wine which I will be going next! My cashier was a beautiful curly hair woman very sweet & shared my excitement of my Diet Coke lighter & my drink order. Thank you for a welcoming first time experience, you'll be seeing more of me! - Diet Coke Girly
Review 12: Thank you for visiting! We're glad you love the fridge cig. Quick note: We have a parking garage attached to the building (with 30 minutes free)! Next time you're in, we'd be happy to point you in the right direction so parking isn't a pain.
Review 13: I was excited to see that Marina Del Rey got a new coffeeshop with a nice aesthetic, this area has needed one for way too long. We came around 7 am on a weekday morning and got parking right outside. It didn't look like they had their own dedicated carpark. Noun's interior is cozy and gorgeous. It's the best thing about this place. Service was friendly and welcoming. We were surprised to find that they didn't have some regular espresso-based drinks, like lattes or flat whites. They had their own drink creations, which I appreciated, but it was unusual that they didn't offer the basics. I got a matcha latte which tasted mostly like almond milk, and my husband, who normally orders flat whites, had to get one of their specialty drinks, which was way too sweet for him. He also ordered a breakfast item which he didn't enjoy. I may try this place again when they're more established.
Review 14: Hey Su, thank you for sharing your experience. We appreciate the kind words about the space, parking ease, and our team. We hear your feedback around the menu and flavor profiles — our offerings are intentionally curated and can feel different from more traditional cafés. We appreciate you giving us a try and hope to welcome you back as we continue to grow.
