=== ORGANICO ===
Address: 2210 Sawtelle Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, 90064
Rating: 4.5 (139 reviews)
Phone: (310) 988-2130
Website: http://www.organico.co
Hours: Mon-Sun 9:00 AM - 12:00 AM (Next day)
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers delivery, Offers take-out, Takes reservations, Pescatarian options, Vegan options, Wheelchair accessible, Accessible parking near entrance, ADA-compliant main entrance, No steps or stairs, ADA-compliant restroom, Closed captioning on TVs, Tipping optional for large parties, Accepts Android Pay, Accepts Apple Pay, Accepts credit cards, Moderate noise, Garage parking, Street parking, Validated parking, Free Wi-Fi, Dogs allowed, Gender-neutral restrooms, Open to All, Waiter service, Happy hour specials, Alcohol, Drive-thru, TV, Private dining, Bike parking, Compostable containers available, EV charging station available, Plastic-free packaging

Review 1: Awesome atmosphere with people of all ages hanging out (think coffee shop vibe) eating and enjoying all of it. Attentive, friendly customer service and DELICIOUS food. Would eat here every day if I could. Thank you Organico for being a healthy, yummy alternative to fast food!
Review 2: Hi Krista! Thank you for your fantastic review! We try to offer tasty and healthy options that you can enjoy in our fun, friendly locations. Our team is always on standby for our patrons, we love to help! We appreciate your business and hope to get the opportunity to serve you again soon :) - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 3: $7 for toast, what a joke. This review needs more words, so I'll say that the chicken bowl was decent, but who in their right mind would charge $7 for a couple slices of bread
Review 4: Hi Thomas! Thanks so much for your review. We do our best to offer 100% organic food at good prices. We appreciate you for choosing us and hope to get the privilege to serve you again :) Have a great day! - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 5: I regret to inform you all that nothing has changed about this place. It's still phenomenal. I love you Organico. Please never leave.
Review 6: Hi Andrew! Thanks so much for your feedback! We appreciate your choosing us and we're happy we're nearby. Stop in anytime :) Have a happy Monday! - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 7: Yes. Everything yes. Food yes. Cleanliness yes. Guest service yes. Music yes. Decor yes. Soo glad there's one near me now. Organico i love you.
Review 8: This is my kind of place. I just love when you look up at the menu and it says "all organic ingredients"That is a rare find. The website makes it look like the food is prepackaged and prepared already, but it's freshly prepared and served either to stay there in the cool open café area or to take away. I created a beautiful bowl with super healthy ingredients (black beans, sweet potatoes, pickled onion ginger beets and a really beautiful lemon dressing plus garbanzo garbanzo beans. It was so yummy. I had enough for two days. I'll be back to try the many options on their menu--wraps, salads stir fries. Everything is customizable. Next time I'll give them more of a tip since they were really fast and pleasant, and the food was top-notch !
Review 9: Hi Tara! Thank you for your review. It means so much to know that our customers appreciate our mission to offer healthy food that's fresh and tasty. It was our privilege to serve you and we hope to get the opportunity to do so again! Have a great Friday :) - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 10: My first time trying this place that made their food with all organic ingredients. I had their Grass-fed Beef Chimichurri Tacos. The combo order came with a drink and gummy bear snack packet. The order had 3 tacos made with their GMO-free corn tortillas and chopped organic beef sliders that looked like hamburger meats. Beef pieces were big chunks and had good flavors. Their corn tortillas were soft and easy to bite into. Tacos also included with kale, pickled onions, carrot, cilantro, grass-fed cheddar cheese. Vegetables were fresh and tasty and they tasted good with marinated beef that was in the tacos. The tacos came with their Chimichurri sauce and it had tangy flavor with perfect balance of herbs and acidity from vinegar. These tacos tasted different from all the other street tacos for sure. These are elevated tacos made with their 100% organic ingredients. Well, that's what the Organico claimed. Try it and you'll like the tacos too.
Review 11: Hi May! Thank you for letting us know how much you loved the Beef Chimichurri Tacos. It means a great deal to know our 100% organic options are not only healthy, but delicious! We value your patronage and hope to get the privilege to serve you again soon! - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 12: Well, the music is really good. Kinda feels like a spa in here. It's my first time here and I only ordered one thing-- The tropical jungle smoothie. Asked me if I wanted sweetener and I asked if it would be bland without it. The person taking my order said it wouldn't be so I said OK, no sweetener (They use honey or agave). It was bland. Since I had spent $13 on it I let them know and they said no problem, and added some sweetener to it. Still wasn't super tasty, but I sure like hanging out here and everyone is cool, so maybe I'll come back and try a different smoothie or something else off of the menu.
Review 13: Hi Sheryl! Thanks so much for your review. I'm very sorry your smoothie was bland. Please allow us a chance to make it up to you by emailing support@organico.co. We'd love the next smoothie you try to be on us :) Your business is greatly appreciated and we hope for the privilege to serve you again! - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 14: Fun vibe. The walls have paint markers so you can leave your mark. The food selection has a large variety of healthy options. We thought we ordered the sturdy but maybe I didn't click that at the kiosk inside. The food was cold which is fine bc it was all vegan but was looking forward to a hot meal. Might've been user error on my end. Possible stir fry bowl with lentils, black beans, rice, tofu, carrots, beet salad. Maybe the beet salad disqualified it to be stir fried.
Review 15: Hi Gwen! Thank you for your review. The beets don't disqualify a plate from being a stir fry, it was probably a bowl or a salad that was chosen. We're so happy you enjoyed the interactive decor. Every patron should feel welcome and leave a little memory. We appreciate your business and hope to get the opportunity to serve you again soon! Enjoy the rest of your day :) -Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 16: Healthy and delicious! Service was wonderful, pre-ordering on the app was a breeze, and my order was made correctly. Very fresh ingredients, generous sizes. Feel good food at a great price, I love that they have a variety of proteins and everything can be customized your liking, recommended if you're looking for a healthy lunch or dinner!
Review 17: Hi Nijole! Thank you for coming to our restaurants. It's always good to see your reviews! You make our day. We value your patronage and are pleased to serve you every time. Enjoy your evening :) - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 18: After being severely disappointed, trying Barrans bacon breakfast burrito last week I had lost all hope . Scrolling this morning for a breakfast option, I stumbled upon Organico and on a whim decided to give their bomb breakfast burrito a try which I can say is the best breakfast burrito I personally have ever had. 100 times better than Barrans which is just in my opinion is just Internet hype. Yes, this burrito is a few dollars more, but all of the ingredients are organic ! You can really taste the quality. I especially appreciate the actual use of roasted potatoes in the burrito instead of this BS lazy trend of using tater tots... Every ingredient was on point including the pico de gallo and spicy salsa I got on the side . Also got an açai smoothie unsweetened with almond milk to wash it all down which was also very very good . Overall one of my top picks for breakfast in LA . Check them out !
Review 19: Hi Aerin! Your review is awesome. It's always a pleasure to know we made someone's day. We truly appreciate your business and hope to get the opportunity to serve you again soon! - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
Review 20: I bought a breakfast burrito and a salad bowl. Food was great, fast service. Food quality seems to be good as well. Will go back.
Review 21: Hi Lili! Thanks for your review. We look forward to your next visit :) Enjoy the rest of your day! - Vivian, ORGANICO Support
