=== The Boy & The Bear ===
Address: 12712 Washington Blvd Ste 101, Los Angeles, CA, 90066
Rating: 4.3 (408 reviews)
Phone: 
Website: https://theboyandthebear.com
Hours: Mon-Sun 7:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Last updated: June 2026

Amenities: Offers take-out, Offers delivery, Wheelchair accessible, ADA-compliant main entrance, Accepts Android Pay, Accepts Apple Pay, Accepts credit cards, Accepts cryptocurrency, Moderate noise, Good for kids, Good for working, Garage parking, Street parking, Latinx-owned, Gender-neutral restrooms, Open to All, Offers catering, Drive-thru, Heated outdoor seating, Covered outdoor seating, Bike parking, Provides reusable tableware

Review 1: I love coming to this location! The Boy and the Bear has great coffee, but the Grey Store has my heart. Sahand brightens my day whenever I am here, and Ezra, no matter how busy, takes the time to say hello and really welcome you - something not many coffee shops can do as genuinely as Ezra and Sahand. Thank you both!
Review 2: Hello Amber! Thank you so much for the lovely visit and for your great review. Indeed we have an amazing team. Looking forward to your next visit
Review 3: I'd really wanna give this spot a 3 start but don't wanna bring this place down. I haven written a review in a while but after coming here I needed to share my frustration with the shop. The place is so beautiful and it's such a vibe to just be there. I am amazed at how much detail went to the shop. The couches are nice and the staff is friendly. My problem is with the coffee. I was left wanting a different flavor than I expected. For context it was a Sunday morning so it might've been busy. But I ordered a flat white and it tasted like filtered water with a dash of coffee. There was absolutely no flavor and could barely taste the coffee. Maybe I don't know coffee well but I've been to tons of coffee shops in the west side and this is for sure one of the ones I was disappointed by. I'm willing to give the place a second chance but not sure.
Review 4: Hello Hector, thank you for your review and for your notes! We have another amazing and caring team that strives for quality and experience at all times. We’d like to understand more about the misalignment on the product expectations. Could you touch base with us to: info@theboyandthebear.com Cheers
Review 5: A bit disappointed in this place. First off, they're running a promotion that doesn't work. I signed up for texts and went to use the code on my first order and online order, and it wouldn't take it. Second, the cold brew was good but not as strong as I like it (that's based on taste), but the matcha was disappointing. They hyped it up in the menu, but it was pretty weak. Too much milk and not enough matcha. I've had match a lot lately so it was noticeably milky.
Review 6: Hello Olivia! thank you for visiting us and for taking the time to share your feedback. Regarding the text promotion, it’s intended for online purchases, as noted in the message but we appreciate you flagging the confusion and will review how clearly that’s communicated. We hope to welcome you back again soon.
Review 7: Such a fun coffee shop to visit on a weekend and relax with a book. There's widow-facing seating as well as a couch, making for a sweet cozy homely vibe. The menu is simple, I like to order a cappuccino. The milk options are whole, oat, or almond (as seen on the menu). Your cup of coffee or matcha can get pretty pricy the more you modify!
Review 8: Really tasty coffee & great recommendations by our barista! I got an iced salted caramel latte of sorts and my friend got a regular iced latte. It was perfect- not too sweet, and not acidic. Will def come again. We parked on the street during the daytime. Seems like a good hidden little spot to hole up. The yuzu almond croissant I shared w my friend was equally tasty, though on the lighter flavour profile of yuzu- more almond. Still, would def get again
Review 9: Hello Kimberly, thank you so much for the amazing review! Did you know all of are flavors are made in house with only 4-5 ingredients ? We are extremely proud of that .. We look forward to you next visit
Review 10: This place is for people who KNOW coffee. I brought my cousin here to try the coffee out! She looks for places that serve single origin. She got into a great conversation with the barista. The barista definitely knows his stuff. They were comparing different coffee shops and discussing the different notes in their beans. My cousin takes her coffee seriously and she was really impressed! I myself went with a flat white. You can definitely tell that their coffee quality is top notch. What I really do appreciate is the fact that their baristas is so knowledgable and really does have a passion for coffee. My cousin said it's not very common to find in coffee shops. She gave me a whole ted talk on why the coffee here is really good. Definitely come here if you want some good quality coffee and a barista who is happy to chat about it!
Review 11: Hello Jessica, thank you so much for the detailed and stellar review. It makes our day when customers see the intended care to one craft and the love behind coffee from our staff. Looking forward to your next visit
Review 12: staff was really nice, was kinda a cool vibe, pastry was yummy but tbhhhhh coffee tastes like cigarettes :/
Review 13: Stopped by on my way to work and had a nice experience. I ordered at the counter and tried the matcha latte with oat milk. It was okay, I'd try something different next time if I'd go back. The almond croissant was fresh and flaky. I spend about $16 for both. Service was friendly, and the space is inviting with couches and tables along the window, great for chatting or getting some work done. Pastry selection was limited and parking can be tough since it's on the busy main street on Washington. It's meter parking. I got lucky and found parking in front, but can see it being challenging during peak times.
Review 14: Thank you for the great review Jessica. Your feedback and appreciation for what we do matters a lot to us , looking forward to your next visit
Review 15: Loved the vibes & baristas are cool. Good for strong coffee lovers. No cold foams or anything like that but they can def sweeten your drink up for you!
Review 16: Friendly employees with fast service. Menu is only at the counter, unless I missed a QR code to get it while waiting in line. Parking is an absolute nightmare as it's on a busy street and it may be tough to get lucky with parking out front. If not, you circle the block and those streets are narrow and crowded. The drinks are alright and a little too milky on both the flat white and matcha latte.
